Copyright (c) [year], [fullname]

European Union Public Licence v. 1.1

This European Union Public Licence (the "EUPL") applies to the Work (as
defined below) which is provided under the terms of this Licence. Any use of
the Work, other than as authorised under this Licence is prohibited (to the
extent such use is covered by a right of the copyright holder of the Work).

The Work is provided under the terms of this Licence when the Licensor (as
defined below) has placed the following notice immediately following the
copyright notice for the Work:

"Licensed under the EUPL"

or has expressed by any other means his willingness to license under the EUPL.

1. Definitions

In this Licence, the following terms have the following meaning:
- "The Licence": this Licence.
- "The Original Work": the work or software distributed or communicated by
  the Licensor under this Licence, available as Source Code and also as
  Executable Code as the case may be.
- "Derivative Works": the works or software that could be created by the
  Licensee, based upon the Original Work or modifications thereof. This
  Licence does not define the extent of modification or dependence on the
  Original Work required in order to classify a work as a Derivative Work;
  this extent is determined by copyright law.
- "The Work": the Original Work and its Derivative Works.
- "The Source Code": the human-readable form of the Work which is the most
  convenient for people to study and modify.
- "The Executable Code": any code which has generally been compiled and which
  is intended to be interpreted by a computer as a program.
- "The Licensor": the natural or legal person that distributes or communicates
  the Work under the Licence.
- "The Licensee" or "You": the natural or legal person that exercises rights
  under this Licence.
- "The Contributor(s)": the Licensor and any natural or legal person that
  distributes or communicates a modification of the Work under the Licence.
- "Distribution" or "Communication": any act of selling, giving, lending,
  renting, distributing, communicating, transmitting, or otherwise making
  available, online or offline, copies of the Work or providing access to its
  essential functionalities at the disposal of any other natural or legal
  person.

2. Scope of the rights granted by the Licence

The Licensor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
sublicensable licence to do the following, for the duration of copyright vested
in the Original Work:
- use the Work in any circumstance and for all usage,
- reproduce the Work,
- modify the Original Work, and make Derivative Works based upon the Work,
- communicate to the public, including the right to make available or display
  the Work or copies thereof to the public and perform publicly the Work, as
  the case may be,
- distribute the Work or copies thereof,
- lend and rent the Work or copies thereof,
- sub-license rights in the Work or copies thereof.

Those rights can be exercised on any media, supports and formats, whether now
known or later invented, as far as the applicable law permits so.

In the countries where moral rights apply, the Licensor waives his right to
exercise his moral right to the extent allowed by law in order to make effective
the licence of the economic rights here above listed.

The Licensor grants to You the right to use any patents held by the Licensor
that are embodied in the Work.

3. Communication of the Source Code

The Licensor may provide the Work either in its Source Code form, or as
Executable Code. If the Work is provided as Executable Code, the Licensor
provides in addition a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Work
along with each copy of the Work that the Licensor distributes. The Licensor
may also provide a web link allowing convicts to easily access the Source Code.

4. Limitations on copyright

Nothing in this Licence is intended to deprive the Licensee of the benefits
from any exception or limitation to the exclusive rights of the rights owners
in the Work, of the exhaustion of those rights or of other applicable
limitations thereto.

5. Obligations of the Licensee

The grant of the rights mentioned above is subject to some restrictions and
obligations imposed on the Licensee. Those obligations are the following:

Attribution right: You must keep intact all copyright, patent or trademarks
notices and all notices that refer to the Licence and to the disclaimer of
warranties. You must include a copy of these notices and a copy of the Licence
with every copy of the Work You distribute or communicate. You must cause any
Derivative Work to carry prominent notices stating that the Work has been
modified and the date of modification.

Copyleft clause: If You distribute or communicate copies of the Work or
Derivative Works, this Distribution or Communication will be done under the
terms of this Licence or of a later version of this Licence, unless the
Original Work is expressly distributed only under this version of the Licence.
You may not offer or impose any additional terms or conditions on the Work or
Derivative Work that alter or restrict the terms of the Licence.

Compatibility clause: If You distribute or communicate Derivative Works, You
may do it under the terms of this Licence. If the Derivative Work is based on
a work licensed under a Compatible Licence, You may alternatively distribute
or communicate the Derivative Work under the terms of this Compatible Licence.
For the sake of this clause, "Compatible Licence" refers to the licences listed
in the appendix attached to this Licence. Should You choose to distribute or
communicate the Derivative Work under the terms of a Compatible Licence, the
terms of that Compatible Licence will apply.

Provision of Source Code: When distributing or communicating copies of the
Work, You will provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code or provide
a web link to this Source Code. This web link must remain valid as long as You
distribute or communicate the Work.

Legal protection clause: This Licence does not grant permission to use the trade
names, trademarks, service marks, or names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the copyright notice.

6. Chain of authors

The original Licensor warrants that the copyright in the Original Work granted
hereunder is owned by him or licensed to him and that he has the power and
authority to grant the Licence.

Each Contributor warrants that the copyright in the modifications he brings to
the Work are owned by him or licensed to him and that he has the power and
authority to grant the Licence.

Each time You accept the Licence, the original Licensor and subsequent
Contributors grant You a licence to their contributions to the Work, under the
terms of this Licence.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty

The Work is a work in progress, which is continuously improved by numerous
Contributors. It is not a finished work and may therefore contain defects or
"bugs" inherent to this type of software development.

For the above reason, the Work is provided under the Licence on an "as is"
basis and without warranties of any kind concerning the Work, including without
limitation merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, absence of
defects or errors, accuracy, non-infringement of intellectual property rights
other than copyright as stated in article 6 of this Licence.

This disclaimer of warranty is an essential part of the Licence and a condition
for the grant of any rights to the Work.

8. Disclaimer of Liability

Except in the cases of wilful misconduct or damages directly caused to natural
persons, the Licensor will in no event be liable for any direct or indirect,
material or moral, damages of any kind arising out of the Licence or of the
use of the Work, including without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill,
work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, loss of data or any commercial
damage, even if he has been advised of the possibility of such damage.

However, the Licensor will be liable under statutory product liability laws as
far as such laws apply to the Work.

9. Additional agreements

While distributing the Work, You may choose to conclude an additional agreement
to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or
other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this Licence. However,
in accepting such obligations, You may act only on your own behalf and on your
sole responsibility, not on behalf of the original Licensor or any other
Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each
Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against,
such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional
liability.

10. Acceptance of the Licence

The provisions of this Licence can be accepted by clicking on an "I agree"
button on a package containing the Work or by asserting your agreement in any
other similar way, in accordance with the rules of applicable law.

Copying, distributing, communicating, or modifying the Work or Derivative
Works thereof implies that You have knowledge of the terms of the Licence and
that you accept them.

11. Information to the public

In case of any Distribution or Communication of the Work by any means, the
Licensor shall provide the public with the Source Code of the Work as well as
a copy of this Licence.

12. Termination of the Licence

The Licence and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon
any breach by the Licensee of the terms of the Licence.

Such a termination will not terminate the licences of any person who has
received the Work from the Licensee under the Licence, provided such persons
remain in full compliance with the Licence.

13. Miscellaneous

Without prejudice to the articles 9 and 10, the Licence represents the entire
agreement between the Parties as to the Work.

If any provision of the Licence is invalid or unenforceable under applicable
law, this will not affect the validity or enforceability of the Licence as a
whole. Such provision will be construed or reformed so as necessary to make it
valid and enforceable.

1- The European Commission may publish other linguistic versions and/or new
versions of this Licence and/or updated versions of the Appendix, so far as
this is required and reasonable, without reducing the scope of the rights granted
by the Licence. New versions of the Licence will be published with a unique
version number.

2- All linguistic versions of this Licence, approved by the European Commission,
have identical value. Parties can take advantage of the linguistic version of
their choice.

14. Jurisdiction

Any litigation resulting from the interpretation of this Licence, arising
between the European Commission, as a Licensor, and any Licensee, will be
subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Justice of the European Communities,
as laid down in article 238 of the Treaty establishing the European Community.

Any litigation arising between parties, other than the European Commission, as
a Licensor, and any Licensee, and resulting from the interpretation of this
Licence, will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court
of the place where the Licensor has its residence or principal place of business.

15. Applicable Law

This Licence shall be governed by the law of the European Union country where
the Licensor has its seat, residence or registered office.
This Licence shall be governed by the Belgian law if the Licensor has no seat,
residence or registered office inside a European Union country.

Appendix

"Compatible Licences" according to Article 5 EUPL are:
- GNU General Public License (GPL) v. 2
- Open Software License (OSL) v. 2.1, v. 3.0
- Common Public License v. 1.0
- Eclipse Public License v. 1.0
- Cecill v. 2.0